# SpeakerBox

Internal module for in game cutscenes and dialogue. Specifically, this shows and animates the UI elements that make up a "stage". In my case, this is a letterbox, and chat bubbles for each speaker in the scene. Dialogue is controlled through CutsceneKit.

Making it a module since it has a chance of being reused in different games.

## Usage

    /// Create the object
    let speakerBox = SBStage()

    /// Add to scene
    uiNode.addChild(speakerBox)

    /// Setup the stage
    speakerBox.setup()

    /// Add speakers
    speakerBox.addSpeaker("Stou")
    speakerBox.addSpeaker("Princess")

    /// Start the show
    speakerBox.animateIntoView()

    /// Remove a speaker after a time
    uiNode.runActionSKAction.waitForDuration(5) {
        speakerBox.removeSpeaker(1)
    }

    /// End the show after a time
    uiNode.runActionSKAction.waitForDuration(5) {
        speakerBox.animateOutOfView()
    }

## Status

Have a look at the code to see how I use SpriteKit, but the framework won't be supported outside of personal projects.

## Documentation

Docs are located at [veeneck.github.io/SpeakerBox](http://veeneck.github.io/SpeakerBox) and are generated with [Jazzy](https://github.com/Realm/jazzy). The config file for the documentation is in the project as `config.yml`. Docs can be generated by running this command **in** the project directory:

jazzy --config {PATH_TO_REPOSITORY}/SpeakerBox/SpeakerBox/config.yml

**Note**: The output in the `config.yml` is hard coded to one computer. Edit the file and update the `output` flag to a valid location.
